Update README.md to add deploy instructions (#1429)
github/dependabot-action: README.md

To manually upgrade `dependabot-action` on your [GitHub Enterprise Server (GHES)](https://github.com/enterprise), follow [these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/managing-github-actions-for-your-enterprise/managing-access-to-actions-from-githubcom/manually-syncing-actions-from-githubcom).
**Warning:** The current release of `dependabot-action` only guarantees backwards compatibility with the [currently supported GHES versions](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/all-releases). Once a GHES version is deprecated, future versions of `dependabot-action` may introduce incompatible changes.

> ##  Steps to Update Your PR and Deploy Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps required to merge/deploy a PR
```

1. Make changes to the PR

> 2. Run the following command in your terminal on the same branch used to create the PR whenever you make changes to the PR

Reviewer: I think we can be a little more terse by assuming anyone reading this is familiar with editing/testing a PR requires being on the same branch... 

```suggestion
2. Run the following commands:
```

```bash
npm run lint-check
npm run format-check -- --write
npm run test
```

```

> nvm install;nvm use;npm clean-install;npm ci;npm run package

Reviewer: Are all of these needed? I thought in the general case we can assume someone is starting with a clean env and run `npm ci`... but maybe I'm wrong and the rest of these are needed?

Author: In the codespace, this step is needed.

```

> Note: If you do execute the above step ☝️ and commit the code then CI will fail with the below error:

Author: ```suggestion
Note: If you do not execute the above step ☝️ and commit the code then CI will fail with the below error:
```

```bash
Run script/check-diff
Detected uncommitted changes after build:
diff --git a/dist/main/index.js b/dist/main/index.js
index c09ccea..8f50b37 1006[4](https://github.com/github/dependabot-action/actions/runs/7720200685/job/21044694134?pr=1156#step:7:5)4
Binary files a/dist/main/index.js and b/dist/main/index.js differ
diff --git a/dist/main/index.js.map b/dist/main/index.js.map
index cc44481..e[5](https://github.com/github/dependabot-action/actions/runs/7720200685/job/21044694134?pr=1156#step:7:6)0840f 100[6](https://github.com/github/dependabot-action/actions/runs/7720200685/job/21044694134?pr=1156#step:7:7)44
Binary files a/dist/main/index.js.map and b/dist/main/index.js.map differ

> ```

Reviewer: I suspect you'll want to indent most of this in order to get it to nest properly under `2`... have you already played with it in a preview?

3. Commit and push the code changes

> 4. Once PR is approved simply merge the PR. This will make the PR deploy in the production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Once PR is approved simply merge the PR. This will cause the PR to be deployed to production
```

Also, I was a little torn on this because this sentence assumes the reader can merge the PR... Ithat won't be true of PR's submitted by non-GitHub folks... I decided I was fine with it since those are rare in this repo, but let's do keep in mind we do get the occasionally PR from others since this repo is public.
